Add ability to pass custom uploader methods (#26)
editor-js/image: README.md

| Field | Type     | Description        |
| ----- | -------- | ------------------ |
| endpoints | `{byFile: string, byUrl: string}` | Endpoints for file uploading. <br> Contains 2 fields: <br> __byFile__ - for file uploading <br> __byUrl__ - for uploading by URL |
| field | `string` | (default: `image`) Name of uploaded image field in POST request |
| types | `string` | (default: `image/*`) Mime-types of files that can be [accepted with file selection](https://github.com/codex-team/ajax#accept-string).|
| additionalRequestData | `object` | Object with any data you want to send with uploading requests |
| additionalRequestHeaders | `object` | Object with any custom headers which will be added to request. [See example](https://github.com/codex-team/ajax/blob/e5bc2a2391a18574c88b7ecd6508c29974c3e27f/README.md#headers-object) |
| captionPlaceholder | `string` | (default: `Caption`) Placeholder for Caption input |
| buttonContent | `string` | Allows to override HTML content of «Select file» button |
| uploader | `{{uploadByFile: function, uploadByUrl: function}}` | Optional custom uploading methods. See details below. |

> Note that if you won't implement your custom uploader methods, so the `endpoints` param is required. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that if you don't implement your custom uploader methods, the `endpoints` param is required. 
```
